Release notes for release/1.302.0 (#1162)
canvas-medical/documentation: collections/_api/customer-authentication.md

Scopes control which parts of the API the token can access.

> - **Client Credentials Flow:** Scopes are optional. If omitted, the token has full access to the FHIR API.

Reviewer: I'm not entirely sure this is true (existing version and with the incoming change), because we have that "allowed scopes" feature. It's may be the case that if the scope parameter is omitted, the token will receive all "allowed scopes" rather than all scopes.

> - **Client Credentials Flow:** Scopes are optional. If omitted, the token has full access to the FHIR API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Client Credentials Flow:** Scopes are optional. If omitted, the token is issued with the OAuth application's configured allowed scopes.
```
